added meta html values (#3213)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/locking.md

---
html_meta:

>   "description": "Content edit locking feature is to prevent simultaneous conflicting edits of the same content."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "description": "Content edit locking prevents simultaneous conflicting edits of the same content."
```

>   "property=og:description": "Content edit locking feature is to prevent simultaneous conflicting edits of the same content."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "property=og:description": "Content edit locking prevents simultaneous conflicting edits of the same content."
```
